1. What is the design pattern used in project
	Page object model and also page factory pattern is used to create locators object
	using webelement and list of webelements
	objects are handled from action methods using page object chaining
2. How are reusable utilities handled
	Abstract component class is created to handle re-usable common methods and inherit it in all page classes
	All test related common methods are created under base test class

3. Using inheritance in framework
	Re-usability classed extended to page objects and test cases as above

4. Using interfaces in framework
	Listeners class with implement keyword like testnglistners helps in taking screenshot, retry
	webdriver and take screenshot are interfaces

5. Encapusaltion - Hiding implementatkion details and binding variables and methods inside class

6. Framework supports parallel run in testng.xml parallel is set to tests so that 2 test case files running in parallel
	Thread safety is achieved using threadlocal class which avoids concurrency issue and also in report get correct status

7. Static keywords - if driver object is static then parallel testing cannot be achieved. If variable is static then the variable is shared across all threads.
	In case of parallel testing variables dont make it static like for drivers, 
	use it for properties file while reading the data, for modifications dont use it

8. Global parameters to test during run time like browser, environment type, the name of suite to run

9.Only running selected test cases - using include and exclude option in testng groups option

10. Handling flacky test cases - Iretry analyzer interface is used

11. taking screenshot - using testng listener and using on test fail we will call take screenshot code

12. Framework architecture

 Abstract Classes								BASE tEST
 
  |
  | Inheritance 
page Objects  <--------------------------------  Test Cases    -- Test Data using json parser 
													Listeners for takescreenshot, retry, report
													test runners
													pom.xml
													jenkins
							 

